h1.  Overview

The overall intent is that a non-designer (a programmer) should be able to create some HTML and quickly apply the grid and some of the tool classes to make something that doesn't end up looking like a programmer designed it.

h2. reset.css

Generic browser reset, mostly just a copy of Eric Meyer's.

h2. typography.css

Basic, default typographic settings.  Override font-family, sizes, colors, etc. in your local.css

h2. forms.css

Universal stylesheet for HTML web forms.  The proper HTML syntax is important.  See /html_syntax/forms.htm

h2. 960_6col_grid.css

This is a grid stylesheet to simplify overall page layout.  Inspiration and bits were pulled from Blueprint.css and 960grid.css.  I've simplified the entire system because, in my opinion, if you can't pull off page layout with 6 columns, then you're overcomplicating things.

6 columns allows you to have 1/6, 1/3, 1/2, 2/3, 5/6, and 6/6 divisions.  Based on popular request, I've added halves to the columns, allowing for 0.5/6, 1.5/6 and 4.5/6.  

To center of offset columns, you use the .precol# classes.  Prepend however many columns you want, and your given column will move that many columns to the right.

I'll go into the finer points of using the grid system in time.

h2. tools.css

This, along with colors.css, is the toolbox of classes.  Attempts were made to keep these classes as universally applicable as possible.  Colors.css was extracted simply for ease of maintenance.

h3. Table of Contents (all class are on a per-element basis)

* Rough Alignments & Positioning
* Display options
* Lists
* Tables
* Buttons
* Tooltips
* Quotes, Citations &amp; Pullquotes
* Footnotes
* Dropcaps
* Smallcaps for the first line of a paragraph
* Polaroid (apply to any image to wrap it in a polaroid frame)
* Figures with Captions (Fig.2a - Caption text goes here)
* Transparency
* Rotation
* Border-radius
* Typefaces (unfinished, raw state)

h2. colors.css

This is a collection of core colors and the various levels of intensity.  The intention here was to lock down a standardized color scheme for a given client's branding standards.  By using these color classes, no one will need to remember the hex codes, and no one will be able to choose a color that is not part of the official color palette.

h2. links.css

I've had the most trouble with these automatic link styles.  Cross-browser compatibility is finicky at best, and it requires so many !importants and exceptions that it almost doesn't make sense to use these.  This is the main reason I pulled these rules out of tools.css.  If you want to use links.css, add it to your head, otherwise, no harm no foul.

h2. print.css

A generic print stylesheet that hides a lot of the core page layout elements from the printer.